good afternoon boys and girls so how
many of you have ever had to kill a
zombie well not too many what would we
do without our zombies they take care of
your job just me bad this is detail work
flesh-eating maniacs need not apply do
the housework Oh what is that zombie
doing in my easy boy ain't play with the
kids
nice catch Fido names are zom anyway
mister Theophilus has name phrase
alright Betty does nicely done Tammy not
for the site to your neighbors please
kpop fake yeah that's mrs. Henderson
we're in trouble boy
is that blood on your zombie it wasn't
ugly you stupid zombie
is Timmy in trouble
families having to kill their arm take
Dedes head off in a second if I had to
he oh he says that he's that bad
yes I don't want you thinking
what we did is normal or okay in any way
I don't find out
so without my job we'd all be dead then
where would we be
dad dad that's right